README.md, before:


# RB Recruiter v 0.7.1 [![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/raspberry-staff-manager/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/raspberry-staff-manager) [![Better Uptime Badge](https://betteruptime.com/status-badges/v1/monitor/9n53.svg)](https://betteruptime.com/?utm_source=status_badge)
## The quick and pain-free form management solution for communities

Have you ever gotten tired of managing your Minecraft server/network's applications through Discord (or anything else) and having to scroll through hundreds of new messages just to find that one applicant's username?


Wish you had a better application managemet strategy? Well, then Raspberry Teams is for you! It was originally designed and developed for internal use for a gameserver network, but sharing is caring!


# Features (not exhaustive)
 - Beautiful (customizable in future releases) landing page for your application management center; It displays all available staff ranks
 - Contact form on landing page for those un-registerd users
 - User registration/authentication system; Users will be sent to the authentication flow to complete their application, if not logged in
 - Candidate tracking system - Applicants will be tracked from start to finish.
 - Peer approval system - Have all your staff members vote on applications and decide whether they should be accepted (this is overridable)
 - Interview scheduling (simple) - Schedule interviews with your candidates and automatically notify them!
   - Interview notes: Every staff member is able to add and edit interview notes (how the interview went, etc)
 - Application comments: Finally no more having to go to a private Discord channel just to comment on a single application. Comments are organised neatly for every application! This should help in the decision process of voting for an application.
 - User profiles - Fill out your profile for others to better find you
 - User directory - Public profile directory for everyone
 - Staff rank management - Add/remove ranks on demand, that users will be able to apply to
 - Simple form builder - Create your application forms easily!
 - Termination - Has a staff member met their untimely demise? Terminate them. This will strip their permissions and roles.
 - Controllable permissions - Every user has permissions! Control who has access to what (You can skip the application process and add staff members directly here).
 - Ban system - Having trouble with pesky spammers? Ban them! This will publicly shame their profile and keep them from signing up or logging in.
 - Notifications: Notifies slack and email primarily (Slack notifications currently broken)

 And many more features!

# Roadmap

Many other features are currently planned for this app, such as:
  - Discord role management (approved applicants)
  - Luckperms/PEX integration - For now, you'll have to promote users manually in-game
  - Flexibility - This app is built on a flexible concept! It will be able to be used for other purposes other than MC staff members.
  - Customisable front page (**priority**)
  - Auto provisioning - Sign up on a website and get your instance of Raspberry Teams up and running in no time
  - Suggestions accepted!


# Technical overview

Tech stack:
 - [Laravel 8](https://laravel.com/)
 - [Eloquent ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/5.0/eloquent)
 - [AdminLTE](https://adminlte.io/) / 
 - [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/)
 - [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
 - [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/)
 - [Icons by FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
 
 # Stability
 
 Currently, the ``master`` branch is highly unstable, since it's under active development. Expect it to break with each commit. Even though I make an effort to make sure each commit is good to go before pushing, things might still break unexpectedly, and you may find a lot of bugs (which you should report).
 
 Every released version is currently pre-release. If you really want to run this before version ``1.0.0`` comes out, always stay on the latest version, as those will always be tested before release, ensuring less chaos.
 
 *Note: This application is NOT production ready! It won't be until the first stable release comes out, which might take a bit longer.

# Operating System Requirements

 Currently, this application is only supported on Linux environments (Ubuntu 20.04 or derivatives are recommended).

# Software Requirements
 - ``composer`` (min version: 1.8.4)
 - ``npm`` (tested w/ v 5.8.0)
 - ``php`` (required PHP 8 or newer - lower versions unsupported!)

 # PHP Extension Requirements

 - JSON
 - Curl (highly recommended)

 # Installation

 Make sure all prerequisites are installed. Afterwards, clone this repository, make ``install.sh``executable and run it.

 # Configuration
Configuration is currently done via the installer. Alternatively, you may also edit the ``.env`` file directly.
This process will be moved to the browser later.

# Bug reports

Please report any bugs you find to the issues section here! It'd be immensely helpful. PRs are also accepted.

Commit message:

fix: update old readme file
This commit updates the old readme file that was supporting version 0.6.0.

README.md, after:


# RB Recruiter v 0.8.0 [![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/raspberry-staff-manager/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/raspberry-staff-manager) [![Better Uptime Badge](https://betteruptime.com/status-badges/v1/monitor/9n53.svg)](https://betteruptime.com/?utm_source=status_badge)
## The quick and pain-free form management solution for communities

Have you ever gotten tired of managing your Minecraft server/network's applications through Discord (or anything else) and having to scroll through hundreds of new messages just to find that one applicant's username?


Wish you had a better application managemet strategy? Well, then RBRecruiter is for you! It was originally designed and developed for internal use for a gameserver network, but sharing is caring!


# Features (not exhaustive)
 - Beautiful (customizable in future releases) landing page for your application management center; It displays all available staff ranks
 - Contact form on landing page for those un-registerd users
 - User registration/authentication system; Users will be sent to the authentication flow to complete their application, if not logged in
 - Candidate tracking system - Applicants will be tracked from start to finish.
 - Peer approval system - Have all your staff members vote on applications and decide whether they should be accepted (this is overridable)
 - Interview scheduling (simple) - Schedule interviews with your candidates and automatically notify them!
   - Interview notes: Every staff member is able to add and edit interview notes (how the interview went, etc)
 - Application comments: Finally no more having to go to a private Discord channel just to comment on a single application. Comments are organised neatly for every application! This should help in the decision process of voting for an application.
 - User profiles - Fill out your profile for others to better find you
 - User directory - Public profile directory for everyone
 - Staff rank management - Add/remove ranks on demand, that users will be able to apply to
 - Simple form builder - Create your application forms easily!
 - Termination - Has a staff member met their untimely demise? Terminate them. This will strip their permissions and roles.
 - Controllable permissions - Every user has permissions! Control who has access to what (You can skip the application process and add staff members directly here).
 - Ban system - Having trouble with pesky spammers? Ban them! This will publicly shame their profile and keep them from signing up or logging in.
 - Notifications: Notifies slack and email primarily (Slack notifications currently broken)

 And many more features!

# Roadmap

Many other features are currently planned for this app, such as:
  - Discord role management (approved applicants)
  - Flexibility - This app is built on a flexible concept.
  - Customisable front page
  - Auto provisioning - Sign up on a website and get your instance of RBRecruiter up and running in no time (SaaS)
  - 
  - Suggestions accepted!


# Technical overview

Tech stack:
 - [Laravel 9](https://laravel.com/)
 - [Eloquent ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/5.0/eloquent)
 - [AdminLTE](https://adminlte.io/) / 
 - [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/)
 - [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
 - [Icons by FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
 
 # Stability
 
 Every released version is currently pre-release. The ``main`` branch is currently stable and ready to use, however, we don't recommend updating your app until a new release comes out.
 
 At the moment, each new feature goes into its separate branch so that ``main`` remains stable. When the features being worked on are ready and tested, they are merged onto ``main``, and a new release can be started. The main branch is write-protected.
 
 *Note: This application is NOT production ready! It won't be until the first stable release comes out, which might take a bit longer.

# Operating System Requirements

 Currently, this application is only supported on Linux environments (Ubuntu 20.04 or derivatives are recommended).

# Software Requirements
 - ``composer`` (tested w/ v2.1.14)
 - ``npm`` (tested w/ v 8.1.2)
 - ``node`` (min version v16.13.2)
 - ``php`` (required PHP 8.1 or newer - lower versions unsupported!)

 # PHP Extension Requirements

 - JSON
 - xDebug (will be removed in the future as a require-dev only dependency)
 - Curl
 - Xml 
 - MySQL adapter (mysqli extension)

 # Installation

 ~~Make sure all prerequisites are installed. Afterwards, clone this repository, make ``install.sh``executable and run it.~~
 
 New instructions WIP.

 # Configuration
Configuration is currently done via the installer. Alternatively, you may also edit the ``.env`` file directly.
This process will be moved to the browser later.

# Bug reports

Please report any bugs you find to the issues section here! It'd be immensely helpful. PRs are also accepted.
